Doc: add a page regarding multi-threading and memory fragmentation (fixes #7043) (#7085)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/user/multithreading.rst

.. _multithreading:

===============
Multi-threading
===============

GDAL API: re-entrant, but not thread-safe
-----------------------------------------

The exact meaning of the terms ``thread-safe`` or ``re-entrant`` is not fully
standardized. We will use here the `QT definitions <https://doc.qt.io/qt-5/threads-reentrancy.html>``.
In particular, a C function or C++ method is said to be re-entrant if it can
be called simultaneously from multiple threads, *but* only if each invocation
uses its own data.

All GDAL public C functions and C++ methods are re-entrant, except:

- the general initialization functions, like :cpp:func:`GDALAllRegister`.
- the general cleanup functions like :cpp:func:`GDALDestroy` or :cpp:func:`OSRCleanup`.

Those functions should not be called concurrently from several threads, and it
is general best practice to call them from the main thread of the program at
program initialization and termination.

Unless otherwise stated, no GDAL public C functions and C++ methods should be
assumed to be thread-safe. That is you should not call simultaneously GDAL

> functions from multiple threads on the same data structure, or even structures

Author: ```suggestion
functions from multiple threads on the same data instance, or even instances
```
